CRAYSAT-1935: WAR for `sat bootprep` image customization error (#5553)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/sat/sat_in_csm.md

## Known issues

- In CSM 1.5.0, SAT status may give CFS errors on large systems. For more information, see
[CFS V2 Failures On Large Systems](../../troubleshooting/known_issues/CFS_V2_Failures_On_Large_Systems.md).
- In CSM 1.5.2, `sat bootprep` may give image customization error when creating the images. To troubleshoot it,

> see [`sat bootprep` image customization error](../../troubleshooting/known_issues/CFS_V2_Failures_On_Large_Systems.md) documentation.

Reviewer: Fix the link. Also som minor wording suggestions:

```suggestion
- In CSM 1.5.2, `sat bootprep` will encounter a traceback error during image customization
  To overcome this issue, see [`sat bootprep` image customization error](../../troubleshooting/known_issues/sat_bootprep_image_customization_error.md).
```

Author: `traceback` is a keyword and need to drop to fix spell-check build failure
